It's not Linmer.
I am Limmer
This person doesn't look like Mr. Kobayashi
All of us here have met Mr. Kobayashi
Do you think we are fools?
I can prove it.
This is the real daughter of Lin's by my side
What the hell is going on?
Ah, hey, this
Who are you?
Why are you pretending to be me?
Steal my husband
Sister sister is still alive
You are Li Mo
How is it?
You remember that?
My wedding with Shixian
Of course I remember
It was the most luxurious wedding ever uptown
At that time, the lady of tens of billions married the poor boy
But it caused a sensation in the whole city.
Then you must remember
My father gave me a pair of bracelets at that time
He Shixian is right
That pair of bracelets
But the world's top jewelry master
Made by hand
This is the only set in the world.
One of the bracelets.
Here I am.